<h1 style="text-align:center;">Code Completer</h1>

<h4 style="text-align:center; font-weight:bolder;">(AI-generated comments to improve your code quality in VS Code)<h4>

<br>

### CodeCompleter is an <b> open source Visual Studio Code extension </b> that helps you write better code by providing commented code, generated by AI. With CodeCompleter, you can improve your code quality by learning from high-quality examples and best practices, right inside your editor.

<br>

# Features

- **Commented code**: CodeCompleter provides you with commented code snippets, generated by AI, that help you understand best practices and good code structure.

- **AI-powered**: CodeCompleter uses the Open AI's API for using its highly advanced machine learning models to generate high-quality code comments that are specific to your code and context.

- **Easy to use**: CodeCompleter is designed to be easy to use and integrate into your workflow. Simply install the extension and start using it right away.

# How to Contribute

We welcome contributions to our project from the community. If you want to contribute, please follow these guidelines:
## Setting up the development environment.
1. Fork and Clone the repo:
    1. [How to fork a repository](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo)
    2. [How to clone a repository](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/cloning-a-repository)

2. Install the dependencies:
   ```sh 
   npm install
   ```

3. Generate your API key from [OpenAI](https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys)

   >Note: If you haven't done so already, you'll need to sign up for an account and configure billing before you can proceed.


4. Run the extension in development mode:
    - Open the code folder in vs code.
    - Press the `F5` key.
    >This will start a new instance of VS Code with the extension loaded and the debugger attached.

5. Setup the OPEN AI API Key:
    In the new instance appeared,
    - Press Ctrl+Shift+P (Windows, Linux) or Cmd+Shift+P (macOS) to open the Command Palette.
    - Type <b>Update API Key</b> as command in the search box.
    - Select the command from the list of options.
    - Add your api key in the input box appeared.

## Adding Changes

1. Create a new branch for your changes.
2. Make your changes and commit them with a clear and concise commit message.
3. Push your changes to your fork.
4. Open a pull request (PR) to the main repository and describe the changes you made.
5. We'll review your changes and provide feedback if necessary. If your changes are accepted, we'll merge them into the main repository.


## Guidelines for Contributions
- Follow the coding style and conventions used in the project.
- Write clear and concise commit messages that explain the changes you made.
- Write descriptive PR titles and descriptions that explain the purpose of your changes.
- Include tests with your changes whenever possible.
- Be respectful and professional in all interactions with other contributors and maintainers.
- Additionally, ensure that you've read through the extensions guidelines and follow the best practices for creating the extension.
* [Extension Guidelines](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/references/extension-guidelines)

## Issues and Bug Reports
If you find an issue or a bug in the project, please open an issue on the repository with a clear description of the problem and steps to reproduce it. We'll review the issue and provide feedback if necessary.

**Enjoy!**